
Goals essay

I’ve been a computer science major ever since I came to college in 2018, but I recently switched to computer engineering to try out more in depth classes on hardware. Basically, one will be my major, and one will be my minor, I just haven’t decided yet. Between 2017 and 2020, I’d only had the chance to work with Java in my classes. I've taken CS1-3 and an assembly language course while I was in New Paltz. This summer, I worked with a lot of C++ in a software engineering class, which I used to work on a number of small algorithm based programs and Tetris, which is up on GitHub. I have some experience in Squarespace websites, but I’ve mostly worked with common self-contained interfaces and not any back end website development.

I want to take this class so I can work independently on creating and maintaining websites and apps, both on a personal and professional level. I have a number of friends who’d like help setting up a small platform for a blog or shop, including a photography portfolio website I want to make for myself. In the future, I’d like to try programming apps and websites to have some flexibility in my abilities. I’d like to apply these skills personally and professionally, since I know there’s a lot of opportunities. I like the design aspects of front end programming, so I’d like to expand on my understanding of back end programming.

I took a leave of absence a few weeks before Covid started and didn’t return until this summer, where I took three courses at Boston University, including a software engineering class. I’m comfortable with picking up new coding languages, but I’m a little rusty with picking up new platforms/IDEs/frameworks. W3Schools is very helpful on its own, but I’d appreciate any suggestions for extra resources.